You also happen to slash the sky three times
Broken his sword
He actually split the three knives into pieces
He -- he used to say he was broken to pieces.
Then the broken bones are invincible
Nature is invincible
He is now
It's muscle and bone
This broke three little stars an instant ago
Even the most difficult to break through the Migodo muscle and bone mirror
It's so easy to see
So it seems that genius is hard to find
Such a weak mirror
To hell with that.
Don't kill me
Don't kill me!
I apologize. I apologize.
Tell Yama if you apologize.
I'll go to Buddha and take you to see him
Hengyang children's self-cultivation has no picture
Do you want to interfere in the sparring between Beckham?
Xu Tianli, your apprentice must kill me
Yuan 2 arena competition
Are you conceited in life and death?